v7.1.2: cdc add docs about handle-key only (#14393) (#15142)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-kafka.md

```sql
SELECT COUNT(*) FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TIKV_REGION_STATUS WHERE DB_NAME="database1" AND TABLE_NAME="table1" AND IS_INDEX=0;
```

## Handle messages that exceed the Kafka topic limit

Kafka topic sets a limit on the size of messages it can receive. This limit is controlled by the [`max.message.bytes`](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#topicconfigs_max.message.bytes) parameter. If TiCDC Kafka sink sends data that exceeds this limit, the changefeed reports an error and cannot proceed to replicate data. To solve this problem, TiCDC provides the following solution.

### Send handle keys only

> Starting from v7.3.0, TiCDC Kafka sink supports sending only the handle keys when the message size exceeds the limit. This can significantly reduce the message size and avoid changefeed errors and task failures caused by the message size exceeding the Kafka topic limit. Handle Key refers to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v7.1.2, TiCDC Kafka sink supports sending only the handle keys when the message size exceeds the limit. This can significantly reduce the message size and avoid changefeed errors and task failures caused by the message size exceeding the Kafka topic limit. Handle Key refers to the following:
```

* If the table to be replicated has primary key, the primary key is the handle key.
* If the table does not have primary key but has NOT NULL Unique Key, the NOT NULL Unique Key is the handle key.

Currently, this feature supports two encoding protocols: Canal-JSON and Open Protocol. When using the Canal-JSON protocol, you must specify `enable-tidb-extension=true` in `sink-uri`.

The sample configuration is as follows:

```toml
[sink.kafka-config.large-message-handle]

> # This configuration is introduced in v7.3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This configuration is introduced in v7.1.2.
```
